Checking index items (#3)
osrf/gz-bigindex: _categories/installing_gazebo.md

      - title: 'Compiling Gazebo from source on Mac'
        url: 'http://wiki.ros.org/jade/Installation/OSX/Homebrew/Source'
        desc: 'How to compile Gazebo from source on a Mac distribution'
        star: false

  - title: "Gazebo + ROS installation on Ubuntu Linux"
    items:
      - title: 'Choosing the right repositories for Gazebo/ROS'
        url: 'http://gazebosim.org/tutorials?tut=ros_wrapper_versions&cat=connect_ros'
        desc: 'Analysis of Gazebo versions for ROS + Gazebo integration .'
        star: true

>       - title: 'The version fully supported by ROS Indigo, Jade or Kinetic'

Reviewer: Let's update the ROS distributions:

```suggestion
       - title: 'The version fully supported by ROS Kinetic, Lunar or Melodic'  
```

        desc: 'Instructions to build gazebo in Windows7 using MSVC12'
        star: true

      # - title: 'MSVC versions different than MSVC12'
      #   url: 'http://answers.gazebosim.org/question/TODO' # todo
      #   desc: 'Status of the support for different versions of Microsoft Visual Studio C++ compiler'
      #   star: false

>       # - title: 'Windows10 or other Windows versions installation'

Reviewer: The current support for Windows in gazebo9 is somehow operational at this moment but I need to update the docuementation. We might want to refer to this issue by now https://bitbucket.org/osrf/gazebo_tutorials/issues/92/remove-or-update-windows-installation
